Add docs for modules (#20)
rhinestonewtf/docs: pages/module-sdk/modules/cold-storage-hook.mdx

import { Tabs } from "nextra/components";

# Cold Storage Hook

> The Cold Storage Hook module is a module that allows user to lock down a subaccount and only transfer assets after a certain time period has passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cold Storage Hook module is a module that allows user to lock down a subaccount and perform actions after a timelock has expired.
```

You can find the source code for the module in the [Core Modules repo](https://github.com/rhinestonewtf/core-modules/tree/main/src/ColdStorageHook) and the deployment address in the [address book](../../overview/address-book.mdx).

## `getInstallColdStorageHook`

The `getInstallColdStorageHook` function is used to create an instance of the Cold Storage Hook module. This function returns a module object.

<Tabs items={["Safe", "Kernel"]}>

<Tabs.Tab>

```typescript
import { getInstallColdStorageHook } from "@rhinestone/module-sdk";

> enum HookType {

Reviewer: should we import this from the sdk too?

  GLOBAL = 0,
  SIG = 1,
}

const coldStorageHook = getInstallColdStorageHook({
  account,
  client,

>   moduleType: 'hook',

Reviewer: isnt this always hook? we could remove this the right

Author: @kopy-kat at the moment you could pass also `executor` or `fallback` to install

Reviewer: ah I see ok makes sense
